some things that you might experience or that for fall through the cracks
when you're gonna be moving is just the movement of your household
goods a lot of times you'll have certain things scheduled and the
movers don't get there on time or it took them a little bit longer
to pack up when they expected and so they're leaving a little bit later
and then you're gonna show up to your new location and perhaps you're
waiting on your household goods to get there and there was hick
ups along the way with the movers to wear their truck broke down or
they had additional loads they need to get so that the day that they
originally projected as their delivery date of your household goods
now it's going to show up a few days or a week or maybe two weeks
later so you have to be kind of prepared for that think about that
ahead and say okay if my stuff does not arrive on time what am I going
to be able to do in the meantime until it gets here and there's a
you know services and resources out there that can help you with that
fleet family so support center can help you with that talk to your
chain of command they're they're gonna have information that they
can give you is a